feat: Oauth design (#269)
twilio/twilio-go: rest/iam/v1/README.md

*KeysApi* | [**FetchKey**](docs/KeysApi.md#fetchkey) | **Get** /v1/Keys/{Sid} | 
*KeysApi* | [**ListGetKeys**](docs/KeysApi.md#listgetkeys) | **Get** /v1/Keys | 
*KeysApi* | [**UpdateKey**](docs/KeysApi.md#updatekey) | **Post** /v1/Keys/{Sid} | 

> *TokenApi* | [**CreateToken**](docs/TokenApi.md#createtoken) | **Post** /v1/token | Issues a new Access token (optionally identity_token &amp; refresh_token) in exchange of Oauth grant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*TokenApi* | [**CreateToken**](docs/TokenApi.md#createtoken) | **Post** /v1/token | Issues a new Access token (optionally identity_token &amp; refresh_token) in exchange for an OAuth grant
```

Author: This file is autogenerated. This mistake needs to be fixed in open-api
